# Abstract

We present results of using a basic binary classification neural network model to identify likely catastrophic
outlier photometric redshift estimates of individual galaxies. The classification is based on individual galaxy
redshift probability distributions generated by a multiclass classifier neural network and a support vector machine.
Importantly, the redshift probability distributions used as input to the binary classifier can be used for photometric
redshift estimates generated by a different method. We find that a simple implementation of this classification
can identify a very large fraction of galaxies with catastrophic outlier photometric redshift estimates while falsely
categorizing only a much smaller, in some cases negligible, fraction of non-outliers. These methods can reduce
the errors introduced into science analyses by catastrophic outlier photometric redshift estimates.

# Description

## Models

### CO_BC
**CO_BC** stands for the **C**atastrophic **O**utler **B**inary **C**lassification model that takes photometric redshifts and redshift probability distributions of galaxies as input.
The model outputs a value for each galaxy in between 0 and 1, including, that can be interpreted as the probability of a galaxy being a catastrophic outlier.

### PHOTZ_LR
**PHOTZ_LR** stands for the photometric redshift (**photo-z**) neural network **L**inear **R**egression, used as a baseline photometric redshift prediction method.
This simple implementation of neural network linear regression maps 5-band magnitudes to photometric redshifts for each galaxy.

### PDF_MC
**PDF_MC** stands for the **P**robability **D**ensity **F**unction **M**ulticlass **C**lassifier, used as one of the methods to generate the photometric density distribution. This simple implementation of multiclass classifier algorithm maps 5-band magnitudes to photometric redshift distributions in custom bins for each galaxy.

## Directory structure
```
PZ_CO_ID
│   .gitignore
│   LICENSE
│   README.md
│   requirements.txt
│
└───PZ_CO_ID
    ├───data
    ├───results
    ├───src
    │
    └───trained_model
        ├───CO_BC
        └───PDF_MC
```

# Datasets
## Files
## Data fileds